- [git wiki](https://github.com/minsoo9506/my-paper/wiki)에 리서치 관련 내용 간단 정리

 Anomalies are data points that differ significantly from most of the data. In this paper, we aim to detect anomalies in tabular data. And It is assumed that unsupervised learning (without any labels) and semi-supervised learning (that only knows normal data) case. It is more difficult than general supervised learning. In this paper, we use an AutoEncoder to find anomalies. AE's goal is to reconstruct the data provided as the input. If AE is trained using only normal data, then it cannot reproduce anormalies properly. Therefore, an instance that the reconstruction-error is high may be determined as an anomaly. However, some problems arise in this situation. Only normal data should be learned, but there may be cases where there is noise in normal data, which hinders learning. And if anomaly is similar to that of normal data, anomaly may not be found well. In addition, because there is no label, the performance is lower than that of the general case.
 
 There are two process proposed in this paper. First, when training the AE model after a specific epoch passes, sample out the instances with high recon-error in train data and replace them with the low recon-error instances. Then, noise is removed and the inlier, not the outlier of the normal train data, is further learned. Then performance can be improved in than basic learning methods.
 The second method is the ensemble. It is an approach that can better detect anomalies by looking at data from various perspectives. Ensembles can catch the spurious findings of individual learners and thus achieve an accurate consensus that is more robust than the individual components. To be more effective, we must achieve an diversity of its individual components. In this paper, diversity is secured through the first approach in this paper and dropout to maximize the effectiveness of the ensemble.
